# TraceryAssignment
Well to be completely honest I'm not really entirely sure how I'm supposed to explain the tool I created in 500 words. Much less through a video walkthrough. I think it is very straightforward. I made it to be used with my One Page PRG. Because it is only one page, there's not a lot of content. Hence, the simple tool. I should also note that as of the time that I am writing this, I haven't made any structural changes to the narrative of my one-page RPG. To play the game, you first need to roll dice to create a character. As an example, I'll do it along with this text. Using my tool, my character is super strong but is also schizophrenic. Now in order to create the campaign, I’ll need some kind of scenario. This is also when my tool comes in handy. My super strong, schizophrenic character walks into a hotel on a Thursday afternoon to meet with a stripper. Since no one will hire me because of my mental instability, I do odd jobs. This time I am looking for a lost puppy and I intend to collect the reward money. The stripper who I am supposed to meet posted a photo of a puppy, who may be our lost puppy, on the local Facebook group. We talk business over a sandwich, when she agrees to hand the puppy to me. But there is a catch. She’ll only give me the puppy if I can beat up a Pikachu…. Apparently some weirdo dressed in a Pikachu suit has been stalking her after he saw her at her job. She wants me to take care of ‘em. Oh well, gotta collect that reward money somehow. Suddenly, the man in the Pikachu suit comes into the main lobby. I see him. I decide I’m going to tell him to get lost. I roll a 13. I try to intimidate him, but I can’t really keep a straight face. The voices in my head keep pointing out how absolutely ridiculous this guy looks and how anyone can be scared of him. He sees a bit scared, but he’s not willing to back down. He claims that he can’t stop thinking about the stripper and how he just wants to see her again. He tells me that he doesn’t want any trouble and that he just wants to talk to her. How do I react? I roll a 2…. The voice inside my head tells me that he can’t possibly do her any harm. I figure, eh what the heck, and I let him through. The stripper is furious. Pikachu man approaches her, but she tries to leave. Obviously, she is very uncomfortable. He grabs her by the arm and she slaps him, trying to get him to let go. I consider intervening. I Roll a 17. Despite what the voice says, I walk up and punch the Pikachu. With my super strength, he goes flying across the room. Barely able to stand, he runs away, calling the stripper a nasty whore. Relieved but obviously upset with me for letting Pikachu get near her, she tells me to take the puppy and get lost. “What’s her problem”, says the voice. Oh well. I take the puppy back home and collect my $100 reward. I should celebrate. I Roll a 20. In-N-Out it is!
